Rewrite Docker scenario guide (#73069)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/guide_docker.rst

Note that plugins (inventory plugins and connection plugins) are always executed in the context of Ansible itself. If you use a plugin that requires the Docker SDK for Python, you need to install it on the machine running ``ansible`` or ``ansible-playbook`` and for the same Python interpreter used by Ansible. To see which Python is used, run ``ansible --version``.

You can install the Docker SDK for Python for Python 2.7 or Python 3 as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install docker

For Python 2.6, you need a version before 2.0. For these versions, the SDK was called ``docker-py``, so you need to install it as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install 'docker-py>=1.10.0'

> Please note that only one of ``docker`` and ``docker-py`` must be installed. Installing both will result in a broken installation. If this happens, Ansible will detect it and inform you about it. If that happens, you must uninstall both and reinstall the correct version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please install only one of ``docker`` or ``docker-py``. Installing both will result in a broken installation. If this happens, Ansible will detect it and inform you about it. If that happens, you must uninstall both and reinstall the correct version.
```

If in doubt, always install ``docker`` and never ``docker-py``.

Connecting to the Docker API
----------------------------

> You can connect to a local or remote API using parameters passed to each task or by setting environment variables. The order of precedence is command line parameters and then environment variables. If neither a command line option or an environment variable is found, a default value will be used. The default values are provided under `Parameters`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can connect to a local or remote API using parameters passed to each task or by setting environment variables. The order of precedence is command line parameters and then environment variables. If neither a command line option nor an environment variable is found, Ansible uses the default value  provided under `Parameters`_.
```

Parameters
..........

Most plugins and modules can be configured by the following parameters:

    docker_host

>         The URL or Unix socket path used to connect to the Docker API. Defaults to ``unix://var/run/docker.sock``. To connect to a remote host, provide the TCP connection string. For example: ``tcp://192.0.2.23:2376``. If TLS is used to encrypt the connection to the API, then the module will automatically replace 'tcp' in the connection URL with 'https'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The URL or Unix socket path used to connect to the Docker API. Defaults to ``unix://var/run/docker.sock``. To connect to a remote host, provide the TCP connection string (for example: ``tcp://192.0.2.23:2376``). If TLS is used to encrypt the connection to the API, then the module will automatically replace 'tcp' in the connection URL with 'https'.
```

        Path to the client's TLS key file.

    tls_hostname
        When verifying the authenticity of the Docker Host server, provide the expected name of the server. Defaults to ``localhost``.

    ssl_version
        Provide a valid SSL version number. The default value is determined by the Docker SDK for Python.

> Environment Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables
```

        Secure the connection to the API by using TLS and verify the authenticity of the Docker Host.

> Plain Docker Daemon: Images, Networks, Volumes and Containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plain Docker daemon: images, networks, volumes, and containers
```

> -------------------------------------------------------------

Author: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------------
```

> For working with a plain Docker Daemon, that is without Swarm, there are connection plugins, an inventory plugin, and several modules available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For working with a plain Docker daemon, that is without Swarm, there are connection plugins, an inventory plugin, and several modules available:
```

    docker connection plugin

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker connection plugin <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_connection>` allows to connect to Docker containers and execute modules in them using the Docker CLI utility. It essentially wraps ``docker exec`` and ``docker cp``. This connection plugin is supported by the :ref:`ansible.posix.synchronize module <ansible_collections.ansible.posix.synchronize_module>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker connection plugin <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_connection>` uses the Docker CLI utility to connect to Docker containers and execute modules in them. It essentially wraps ``docker exec`` and ``docker cp``. This connection plugin is supported by the :ref:`ansible.posix.synchronize module <ansible_collections.ansible.posix.synchronize_module>`.
```

    docker_api connection plugin

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_api connection plugin <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_api_connection>` allows to connect to Docker containers and execute modules in them by talking directly to the Docker Daemon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_api connection plugin <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_api_connection>` talks directly to the Docker daemon to connect to Docker containers and execute modules in them.
```

    docker_containers inventory plugin

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_containers inventory plugin <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_containers_inventory>` allows to dynamically add Docker containers from a Docker Daemon to Ansible's inventory. See :ref:`dynamic_inventory` for details on dynamic inventories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_containers inventory plugin <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_containers_inventory>` allows you to dynamically add Docker containers from a Docker Daemon to your Ansible inventory. See :ref:`dynamic_inventory` for details on dynamic inventories.
```

>         There is also a `docker inventory script <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/blob/main/scripts/inventory/docker.py>`_. It is considered deprecated, please use the inventory plugin instead. The inventory plugin has several compatibility options. If you need to collect Docker containers from multiple Docker Daemons, you need to add every Docker Dameon as an individual inventory source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The `docker inventory script <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/blob/main/scripts/inventory/docker.py>`_ is deprecated. Please use the inventory plugin instead. The inventory plugin has several compatibility options. If you need to collect Docker containers from multiple Docker daemons, you need to add every Docker daemon as an individual inventory source.
```

    docker_host_info module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_host_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_host_info_module>` allows to retrieve information on a Docker Daemon, like all containers, images, volumes, networks and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_host_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_host_info_module>` allows you to retrieve information on a Docker daemon, such as all containers, images, volumes, networks and so on.
```

    docker_login module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_login module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_login_module>` allows to log in and out of a remote registry, like Docker Hub or a private registry. It provides similar functionality to the ``docker login`` and ``docker logout`` CLI commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_login module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_login_module>` allows you to log in and out of a remote registry, such as Docker Hub or a private registry. It provides similar functionality to the ``docker login`` and ``docker logout`` CLI commands.
```

    docker_prune module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_prune module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_prune_module>` allows to prune no longer needed containers, images, volumes and so on. It provides similar functionality to the ``docker prune`` CLI command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_prune module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_prune_module>` allows  you to prune no longer needed containers, images, volumes and so on. It provides similar functionality to the ``docker prune`` CLI command.
```

    docker_image module
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_image module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_image_module>` provides full control over images, including: build, pull, push, tag and remove.

    docker_image_info module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_image_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_image_info_module>` allows to list and inspect images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_image_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_image_info_module>` allows you to list and inspect images.
```

    docker_network module
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_network module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_network_module>` provides full control over Docker networks.

    docker_network_info module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_network_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_network_info_module>` allows to inspect Docker networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_network_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_network_info_module>` allows you to inspect Docker networks.
```

    docker_volume_info module
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_volume_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_volume_info_module>` provides full control over Docker volumes.

    docker_volume module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_volume module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_volume_module>` allows to inspect Docker volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_volume module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_volume_module>` allows you to inspect Docker volumes.
```

    docker_container module
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_container module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_container_module>` manages the container lifecycle by providing the ability to create, update, stop, start and destroy a Docker container.

    docker_container_info module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_container_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_container_info_module>` allows to inspect a Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_container_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_container_info_module>` allows you to inspect a Docker container.
```

> Docker Compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker compose
```

Author: Docker Compose (with this capitalization) is the product name (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_(software)#Tools).

Reviewer: good catch!

--------------

The :ref:`community.docker.docker_compose module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_compose_module>`

> allows to use your existing Docker compose files to orchestrate containers on a single Docker daemon or on Swarm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows you to use your existing Docker compose files to orchestrate containers on a single Docker daemon or on Swarm.
```

Supports compose versions 1 and 2.

Next to Docker SDK for Python, you need to install `docker-compose <https://github.com/docker/compose>`_ on the remote machines to use the module.

Docker Machine
--------------

> The :ref:`community.docker.docker_machine inventory plugin <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_machine_inventory>` allows to dynamically add Docker Machine hosts to Ansible's inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :ref:`community.docker.docker_machine inventory plugin <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_machine_inventory>` allows you to dynamically add Docker Machine hosts to your Ansible inventory.
```

> Docker Stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker stack
```

------------

> The :ref:`community.docker.docker_stack module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_stack_module>` module allows to control Docker Stacks. Information on stacks can be retrieved by the :ref:`community.docker.docker_stack_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_stack_info_module>`, and information on stack tasks can be retrieved by the :ref:`community.docker.docker_stack_task_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_stack_task_info_module>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :ref:`community.docker.docker_stack module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_stack_module>` module allows you to control Docker stacks. Information on stacks can be retrieved by the :ref:`community.docker.docker_stack_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_stack_info_module>`, and information on stack tasks can be retrieved by the :ref:`community.docker.docker_stack_task_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_stack_task_info_module>`.
```

Docker Swarm
------------

The community.docker collection provides multiple plugins and modules for managing Docker Swarms.

> Swarm Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swarm management
```

................

One inventory plugin and several modules are provided to manage Docker Swarms:

    docker_swarm inventory plugin

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_swarm inventory plugin <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_swarm_inventory>` allows to dynamically add all Docker Swarm nodes to Ansible's inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_swarm inventory plugin <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_swarm_inventory>` allows  you to dynamically add all Docker Swarm nodes to your Ansible inventory.
```

    docker_swarm module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_swarm module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_swarm_module>` allows to configure globally Docker Swarm manager nodes to join and leave swarms, and to change Docker Swarm configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_swarm module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_swarm_module>` allows you to globally configure Docker Swarm manager nodes to join and leave swarms, and to change the Docker Swarm configuration.
```

    docker_swarm_info module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_swarm_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_swarm_info_module>` allows to retrieve information on Docker Swarm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_swarm_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_swarm_info_module>` allows  you to retrieve information on Docker Swarm.
```

    docker_node module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_node module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_node_module>` allows to manage Docker Swarm nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_node module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_node_module>` allows you to manage Docker Swarm nodes.
```

    docker_node_info module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_node_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_node_info_module>` allows to retrieve information on Docker Swarm nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_node_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_node_info_module>` allows you to retrieve information on Docker Swarm nodes.
```

> Configuration Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration management
```

........................

The community.docker collection offers modules to manage Docker Swarm configurations and secrets:

    docker_config module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_config module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_config_module>` allows to create and modify Docker Swarm configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_config module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_config_module>` allows to create and modify Docker Swarm configs.
```
```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_config module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_config_module>` allows you to create and modify Docker Swarm configs.
```

    docker_secret module

>         The :ref:`community.docker.docker_secret module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_secret_module>` allows to create and modify Docker Swarm secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :ref:`community.docker.docker_secret module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_secret_module>` allows you to create and modify Docker Swarm secrets.
```

> Swarm Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swarm services
```

..............

Docker Swarm services can be created and updated with the :ref:`community.docker.docker_swarm_service module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_swarm_service_module>`, and information on them can be queried by the :ref:`community.docker.docker_swarm_service_info module <ansible_collections.community.docker.docker_swarm_service_info_module>`.

> Helpful Links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helpful links
```
